Fix: broken links in docs (#1954)
run-llama/LlamaIndexTS: apps/next/src/content/docs/llamaindex/modules/agents/workflows.mdx

npm i @llamaindex/workflow
```

> This package is a stable, production-ready version of our [llama-flow](https://github.com/run-llama/llama-flow) project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is a stable, production-ready version of our [llama-flow](../../../llamaflow) project.
```
Why did you do this change? we have at that location a mirror of the llamaflow docs, which is still working (see https://ts.llamaindex.ai/docs/llamaflow)

Author: `validate-links` has a second check to disallow relative links like this, and I misunderstood where the link should go. I've pushed a new commit that updates it to `/docs/llamaflow`, which should work.

Reviewer: ah crap, now we're getting this error:
```
File: llamaindex/modules/agents/workflows.mdx
@llamaindex/doc:build:   - Line 12: /docs/llamaflow
```
I fixed it in https://github.com/run-llama/LlamaIndexTS/pull/1956 - will close your PR - Thanks a lot for starting this!
